Docs/mkdocs material (#447)
piskoviste/pisek: docs/task-parts/validator.md

> If the input is valid, the validator should exit with **returncode 42**.
> Otherwise, it should exit with any other returncode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the input is valid, the validator should exit with **return code 42**.
Otherwise, it should exit with any other return code.
```

> Where `test_num` is number of the test to which the input belongs.
> If the input is valid, the validator should exit with **returncode 0**.
> Otherwise, it should exit with any other returncode.
> 
> ??? warning "This `validator_type` is not recommended"
> 
>     Return with exitcode 0 can be sometimes caused by libraries.
>     It is better to avoid this pitfall and use the simple-42 validator type instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `test_num` is the number of the test to which the input belongs.
If the input is valid, the validator should exit with **return code 0**.
Otherwise, it should exit with any other return code.

??? warning "This `validator_type` is not recommended"

    Return with exit code 0 can be sometimes caused by libraries.
    It is better to avoid this pitfall and use the simple-42 validator type instead.
```
